morning sir good morning ed sees an
earlier day something special going on
sorry ed you know the rules if we're
going to move forward
it's the next flush ready for you be
sure there's nothing crashing are you in
here
so what's it like being a ghost ghost
you're dead I'm very much alive
the question is what would you do if you
knew you can't be seen you trust your
eyes
[Music]
you rely on this country that is not
funny
you treated your alone why did you have
to go out in public you have no idea
what it's like this the power of the
freedom
it's amazing what you can do you don't
have to look at yourself in the mirror
anymore okay so back in fun's over tell
us where you are all right
you'll never be sure again maybe you to
be anywhere there's more to fear
then you can see
you have no idea how much fun this is